Possibility to separately specify log levels for log handlers - basic (#32779)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/server/logging.adoc

To set log levels for particular handlers, properties in format `log-<handler>-level` (where `<handler>` is available log handler) were introduced.

It means properties for log level settings look like this:

* `log-console-level` - Console log handler
* `log-file-level` - File log handler
* `log-syslog-level` - Syslog log handler

NOTE: The `log-<handler>-level` properties are available only when the particular log handlers are enabled.
More information in log handlers settings below.

Accepted log levels are specified in <<Log levels>> section, and *must be in lowercase*.

=== General principle

It is necessary to understand that setting the log levels for each particular handler *does not override the root level* specified in the `log-level` property.
It specifies the minimal allowed level for logs shown in the output.
It respects levels specified in the `log-level` property, which creates a minimal log level bar for log records.

Specifically, when an arbitrary log level is specified for the handler, it does not mean the log records with the log level will be present in the output.

> The root log level needs to be assessed as well, as it determines the minimal level for exposed log records.

Author: Even though I accepted your suggestion, I thought about it once again, and I think the first idea was better. I understand it might be confusing a bit, but it depends on the PoV - verbosity x severity levels. 

For multiple(all I know) log levels representations, the levels are sorted descending based on the severity. All docs show the table of log levels also based on the severity. So, IMHO, it's more intuitive to say the `trace` is minimal instead of `fatal` is minimal - so, **severity**, no verbosity. 

java.util.logging.Level:
```
SEVERE = 1000
WARNING = 900
....
FINEST = 300
``` 

JBoss LogManager:
```
FATAL = 1100
ERROR = 1000
TRACE = 400
```

Also the Quarkus sets the minimal level (`quarkus.log.min-level`) to `debug` (based on severity).

So I'd propose using the 'minimal' allowed level as it's more natural for users imagine the log level table, where the minimal item is `TRACE`/`FINEST`. 

@vmuzikar Is it ok? Or should I make it more clear - explicitly mention the terminology?

> The root log level needs to be assessed as well, as it determines the minimal level for exposed log records.

Reviewer: That's a good point we're basically aligning with Quarkus on the wording but IMHO it does not necessarily mean it's correct. :) What I find confusing is that AFAIK there's an established term "increase log level" but at the same time we're saying e.g. `debug` is less than `error`.

But maybe we could find some middle ground here to make it clear. Instead of minimal/maximal we'd either say most/least verbose, or most/least severe. WDYT?

> The root log level needs to be assessed as well, as it determines the minimal level for exposed log records.

Author: Fair enough; I'll do. Thanks!

> The root log level needs to be assessed as well, as it determines the minimal level for exposed log records.

Author: @vmuzikar In the end, I used some kind of hybrid approach to properly reference the log-level bars. I hope it's okay. Please review.

Log handler levels provide the *restriction for the root log level*, so the default value is `all` - without any restriction.

> ==== Visualization

Reviewer: I was thinking if we even need the visualization. It'd be a bit hard to maintain if changes are needed (without source files). And the examples (if we move the written explanation from here to there) are good on its own, IMHO. @mabartos WDYT?

Author: I'm not a big fan of comprehensive docs essays when a simple visualization might tell you more. In this case, fully understanding the log levels for handlers and for the root is crucial.

I'd like to prevent creating multiple issues like: "Hey, I set `debug` for syslog, but it shows only `info`". Even when we have it documented, I like to have it as clear as possible. 

Yes, I've been thinking the same about maintainability, but I've convinced myself to have it there. The logic that is visualized is the standard for Quarkus logging and will not change drastically - might be extended, but not changed (AFAIK). That's why I also pinged @dmlloyd for more information. IMHO, the visualization brings more clearance on the log levels and can bring some value to users, at least until the time when sth is changed. 

I expect that the relevance will last a big portion of the time, and it can be removed when it's not relevant anymore.

@vmuzikar WDYT?

Reviewer: It's not a blocker for me to keep the visualization. I just think the concrete examples below the images made it even more clear than the images itself. And that's a not a lot of text. At least I felt this way. :)

Author: @vmuzikar It depends on our consensus here, I'm not declining to remove it :) I just think it brings some added value as the log-level is more understandable, even for some special cases - it helps to imagine the principle better. As even Quarkus does not provide a clear explanation, I like it this way.

But if it can be found disruptive, I can remove it right away.

To better understand the principle of logging levels, the visualization of log level settings might help.
Only the `log-level` property is changed, and other log handlers are set as follows:

<@kc.start parameters="--log=syslog,console,file --log-level=info --log-syslog-level=all --log-console-level=debug --log-file-level=trace"/>

.Root log level `info`
[#img-log-level-info]
image::logging/log-levels-root-info.png[Root log level info,720]

As you can see in the figure <<img-log-level-info>>, the root log level, specified via the `log-level` property, sets the minimal level for log records.

> Therefore, even when their log level is the finest, it is ignored and respects the parent level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, even when their log level is more verbose than the root logger, it is ignored and respects the root one.
```

The _Min Level_ bar represents the minimal allowed log level in the application (`trace` by default).

> Log records with finer log levels will never be present in {project_name}.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this sentence means.

> It is controlled by the Quarkus property `quarkus.log.min-level`.

Reviewer: I would not mention Quarkus options here. User cares about Keycloak and not care about implementational details.

.Root log level `trace`
[#img-log-level-trace]
image::logging/log-levels-root-trace.png[Root log level trace,720]

In this case, by changing the `log-level` property to `trace` level, visible in the figure <<img-log-level-trace>>, log handlers are not restricted anymore.

.Additional categories
[#img-log-level-categories]
image::logging/log-levels-root-info-categories.png[Additional categories,720]

As mentioned in the <<Configuring category-specific log levels>> section, some additional categories can be set.

> In figure <<img-log-level-categories>>, the `org.keycloak.events` logger uses the `debug` log level, where its log records will be part of the output next to the `info` log records.

Reviewer: This feels a bit confusing and IMHO is making the impression we support setting categories on log handler level. I'd rephrase the whole paragraph a bit.

==== Examples

.Example: `debug` for file handler, but `info` for console handler:
<@kc.start parameters="--log=console,file --log-level=debug --log-console-level=info"/>

The root log level is set to `debug`, so every log handler inherits the value - so does the file log handler.
To hide `debug` records in the console, we need to set the minimal bar `info` level for the console handler.

.Example: `warn` for all handlers, but `debug` for file handler:
<@kc.start parameters="--log=console,file,syslog --log-level=debug --log-console-level=warn --log-syslog-level=warn"/>

> The root level must be set to the finest required level (`debug` in this case), and other log handlers must be amended accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root level must be set to the most verbose required level (`debug` in this case), and other log handlers must be amended accordingly.
```
